The most dangerous things in a society without the freedom of speech, and with the information blockade, is the gap between people "awake" and people staying in the information cocoon.

> Note: I am not a Marxist, but a individual anachist, and liberal. I think the overly leftist ideology seems absurd.

It is perposterous that in the Politics Education, especially the "philosophy", or say as "Marxist philosophy" following the official ideology of CCP, the opinion of the textbook is "dialectic". But when you explore the Internet inside the Great Firewall, what you will find is only populist propaganda.

It seems that those one staying the information cocoon peacefully have only the "input layer" and the "output layer", without any deep thinking. Reflecting on political life, what the "patriotism", the "love of the party" and the "love of the country" are, are just the "output layer" of the information cocoon. What things against the CCP are enemies and traitors, and what things against the country are the "anti-China forces". The "input layer" is the "patriotic education" and the "party education" in the textbooks.

Above, reflecting on daily life (without politics, though it is impossible), people's mind is only the reflection of existed things, without and interaction with old memories, new knowledge, and the future.

There are so advertisements in the search engine, with the false propaganda and intimidation campaigns, which deeply become the "steel seal of an idea" into the people's mind. A joke is that the GPT model trained with the data of engines like Baidu, etc. when asking "What's the matter of my mouth that I always habe bad breath", the result of the model maybe "According to your question, I predict you may have a oral cancer, if you go to the XX Hospital, you can get a discounted treatment programs.

It do be preposterus, but actually everything happens in the real world.

It is also ridiculous that in the Politics Textbook (Compulsory IV), the author seems master dialectic, the artificial intelligence more than experts. In the discourse on consciousness, authers seems to want to prove that models like GPTs won't have self-consciousness ALL THE TIME. No one knows Claude AI passed the mirror test, it maybe seems that it has a self-consciousness. However, I don't agree the statement above (have a self-consciousness) but I tend to be in favor that GPTs have some intelligence, but not only in the degree of the scale of the data and the model, but also in the implementation methodology, it is inferior to the human brain.

When the judge problem displays in the slides, the teacher simply disproved that the AI won't have the consciousness, even intelligence, as he / she said "AIs are only following programs written by people". They don't know what the most important things in AI is the model and weights.

As an amateur reseacher in artificial student as I am just a high school student who is prepareing the CCEE, what I want to do to the "textbook" mocking. Whatever these brain-washing courses have the "best" looks, they can't hide themself from being social control tools.

I had a joke of the prove of "gnosticism" is that quantum mechanics should be criticized and denounced publicly for "its errors", as you can't know the specific time and the place of a microscopic quantum at the same time.

_(to be written...)_
